BPT Oracles (supporting BPT as Collateral) (#289)
balancer/docs-v3: docs/concepts/core-concepts/balancer-pool-tokens.md

## Composability

As BPTs adhere to the ERC20 standard, they can seamlessly integrate as pool tokens in other pools. For instance, the BPT of an ERC4626 pool comprising wrapped versions of DAI, USDC, and USDT can be paired with tokens from new projects. This composability ensures the maintenance of deep and capital-efficient stable liquidity, while simultaneously creating efficient swap paths for the project token.

## Oracles

> If Chainlink price feeds are available for all tokens, Weighted and Stable Pool BPTs can be priced in USD terms using the corresponding LP Oracle contracts: [WeightedLPOracle](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/standalone-utils/contracts/WeightedLPOracle.sol) and [StableLPOracle](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/standalone-utils/contracts/StableLPOracle.sol), which implement [this interface](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/interfaces/contracts/standalone-utils/ILPOracleBase.sol) as well as the `AggregatorV3Interface` Chainlink price feed interface. This allows users to call `latestRoundData` on the oracle contract to get an accurate, non-manipulable BPT price, just as if it were a Chainlink oracle itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Chainlink price feeds are available for all tokens, Weighted and Stable Pool BPTs can be priced in USD terms using the corresponding LP Oracle contracts: [WeightedLPOracle](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/oracles/contracts/WeightedLPOracle.sol) and [StableLPOracle](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/oracles/contracts/StableLPOracle.sol), which implement [this interface](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/blob/main/pkg/interfaces/contracts/oracles/ILPOracleBase.sol) as well as the `AggregatorV3Interface` Chainlink price feed interface. This allows users to call `latestRoundData` on the oracle contract to get an accurate, non-manipulable BPT price, just as if it were a Chainlink oracle itself.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: These links seem to be outdated by now. However I am not sure which the correct ones are
